NAME
	Amibroker::OLE::Interface - A Simple Perl interface to OLE Automation framework of Amibroker Software.

REREQUISITE
	Prerequisite to use this module : You need to have Amibroker v.5 and above (32-bit or 64-bit) installed in your system.

DESCRIPTION
	If you are new to amibroker, then visit this site : https://www.amibroker.com/
	Amibroker has provided OLE, to interact with Amibroker engine from external scripts/programs.
	You can refer to the AmiBroker's OLE Automation Object Model guide: https://www.amibroker.com/guide/objects.html
	This module will help programmers who use Amibroker to access the objects easily in perl.

INSTALLATION
	To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

SYNOPSIS
	use Amibroker::OLE::Interface;
	my $obj = Amibroker::OLE::Interface->new( { verbose => 1, 
												dbpath => "C:/amibroker/dbpath"
											} );
	$obj->start_amibroker_engine();
	$obj->run_analysis( { action => 2,
						symbol => 'NIFTY-I', 
						apx_file => 'C:/amibroker/apx/path/nifty.apx', 
						result_file => 'C:/amibroker/result/path/report.csv'} );
	$obj->shutdown_amibroker_engine();

For Creating apx file then use below module

	use Amibroker::OLE::APXCreator;
	my $new_apx_file = create_apx_file( {
                                        afl_file   => 'test_afl.afl',
                                        symbol     => 'ADANIPORTS-I',
                                        timeframe  => '20-minute',
                                        from       => '01-09-2015',
                                        to         => '20-09-2015',
                                        range_type => 0,
                                        apply_to   => 1
                                    } );

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION
	After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.
    perldoc Amibroker::OLE::Interface
	perldoc Amibroker::OLE::APXCreator

You can also look for information at:
    RT, CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Amibroker-OLE-Interface
    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/Amibroker-OLE-Interface
    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Amibroker-OLE-Interface
    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Amibroker-OLE-Interface/

LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT
	Copyright (C) 2015 Babu Prasad HP

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

